Redesign the Tutorials' section (#108)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/appendix/tutorials/tutorials-overview.adoc

[[tutorials]]
= Tutorials

> In this section, you find how-to guides and tutorials on different topics.
> At the time, tutorials could be grouped in two categories: 
> 
> * First steps with Cypher
> * How to import data into Neo4j

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you find how-to guides and tutorials on different topics.
```

== Overview

* xref:appendix/tutorials/guide-cypher-basics.adoc[Tutorial: Getting Started with Cypher] explains the basic concepts of Cypher, Neo4j’s query language, including how to create and query graphs.
This tutorial is based on _the Movie Graph_.

> You find out how to create, query, and delete data in Neo4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll find out how to create, query, and delete data in Neo4j.
```

* xref:appendix/tutorials/guide-build-a-recommendation-engine.adoc[Tutorial: Build a Cypher Recommendation Engine] uses examples from _the Movie Graph_ and shows how to create recommendation algorithms with Cypher statements. 

* xref:appendix/tutorials/guide-import-relational-and-etl.adoc[Tutorial: Import data from a relational database into Neo4j] shows the process for moving the data from a relational database into a graph database by translating the schema and using import tools.  

> * xref:appendix/tutorials/guide-import-desktop-csv.adoc[How-To: Import CSV data with Neo4j Desktop] tells how to import the data into a graph with *Neo4j Desktop* -- one of the most important developer tools which provides a user-friendly interface for starting and creating Neo4j instances, adding or removing plugins, changing configurations, and other functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:appendix/tutorials/guide-import-desktop-csv.adoc[How-To: Import CSV data with Neo4j Desktop] walks through how to import the data into a graph with *Neo4j Desktop* -- a user-friendly interface for starting and creating Neo4j instances, adding or removing plugins, changing configurations, and other functionality.
```
